[The Legend of Rosy Clouds]
[Episode 20]
[Juyun Pavilion]
Fan Yun,
this generous...
friend of yours,
do I know him?
Yes,
you do know him.
Take a closer look.
Zheng?
You really recognized him?
See?
Even Tian Xing could recognize you.
I don't know why you spend
so much time disguising yourself
every day.
That's right.
Zheng.
Young Master Qiyan.
Well,
thanks for treating us today.
Eat whatever you want today.
It's not like the mansion,
with all its rules,
and there's no one here to upset you.
The most important thing today
is to be happy.
Eat up.
Alright.
Here, Tian Xing.
Since
Young Master Qiyan is so hospitable,
let's not let him down.
Eat up.
Come on.
Thank you, Young Master Qiyan.
Eat more.
You're really enjoying your food
this time.
The things I sent to the mansion
were all returned.
In the mansion,
of course we can't get special treatment.
If we do that,
we have to bear the consequences.
It's different outside the mansion.
Out here, everyone earns their keep
through their own abilities.
You take things in stride.
Young Master Qiyan,
where's the thing you promised to show me?
Let's eat first.
Nothing should delay a meal.
I haven't seen you for a few days,
and you've gotten thinner.
But...
I'll show it to you
when you finish eating.
Alright.
Once I'm done eating,
you must show it to me.
I'm full.
I'm really full.
Well...
There's more, Young Master Qiyan?
I...
really can't eat anymore.
Tian Xing, you eat it.
I can't eat anymore either.
We both can't eat anymore.
I think you can.
So it's an account book?
There's nothing wrong with these totals.
Could it be that...
there's nothing wrong with
the Services Bureau's
account book either?
I told you before
that there's no problem with the accounts.
But the unit prices on this
are a bit higher than the market price.
What was the Services Bureau thinking,
spending so much money
to buy these things?
The Services Bureau
wasn't spending its own money,
so of course they didn't
feel bad about it.
So that's why
you raised the prices
to profit from the Qi Residence?
Why shouldn't I profit
from the Qi Residence?
I am just a merchant.
If people want to buy things,
I have no reason not to sell to them.
You suspect there's something wrong
with the Services Bureau,
that they're corrupt.
I'm afraid you might be
looking in the wrong direction.
Your Excellency.
These are local specialties
we brothers specially brought for you
from Yong City.
There are round dates,
delicious dried meat,
and dried lily bulbs.
Great!
I am very pleased!
Hurry up and have a seat.
Could you tell me
how things are
in Yong City
recently?
Your Excellency.
It's terrible.
When we left,
Yong City was suffering from a plague.
We don't know what's going on,
but people are dying in droves.
We really couldn't bear it anymore.
We came specially
to ask you to find a solution.
To see if you could
appoint a capable person
to save the people of Yong City.
About the plague in Yong City,
I've already received the memorial.
Rest assured.
I will definitely find a way.
Your Excellency.
You mustn't fool us.
I promise.
You came from far away today.
You must be tired.
Come on, here's a toast to you.
May our Yong City
return to normal as soon as possible,
with no more disasters.
Thank you, Your Excellency, for keeping
the people of Yong City in your thoughts.
We're not leaving
until we've had our fill today.
Come on.
If you don't get drunk,
it means you look down on us!
And the Shi family!
If you don't get drunk,
it means you look down
on the nobles of Yong City.
The Shi family
is indeed very straightforward.
Well then...
I can't fall behind, right?
Come on!
We're not leaving
until we've had our fill today!
Your Excellency,
can you keep drinking?
Are you kidding?
My drinking capacity
is one of the best in the Nine Cities!
Keep drinking!
We're not leaving
until we've had our fill!
The wine in Ling'an
is indeed good.
What is that thing?
What?
Isn't this the Governor?
How can you call him a thing?
What are you talking about?
Are you insulting His Excellency?
Drink up... Drink up...
Four of us drinking against one—
isn't it a bit of bullying?
It seems His Excellency has been
hiding his drinking ability.
You have to be honest when drinking.
It seems His Excellency
is quite sincere to us, right?
His Excellency is like this already.
He must be drunk.
Let's go back and rest first.
We'll...
We'll come back later.
What about His Excellency?
What about him?
The floor is nice and cool.
His Excellency can rest here.
Just leave him be.
Will that be okay?
Yes.
Alright then.
Let's go.
Your Excellency, we're leaving.
Your Excellency? Your Excellency?
Are you alright?
Hurry up and call Lord Wei
and the others over.
Tell them
there are important matters to discuss.
Yes.
I haven't acted in a long time.
I'm really out of practice.
Go burn some mugwort.
Father!
Mother!
Father! Mother!
Young Masters,
please don't get too close.
Please stop.
Father! Mother!
Lord Jiang, get out of the way!
Let me see my parents!
When your parents were brought here,
it was already too late.
Young Masters,
my condolences.
Could we talk in private?
What did you say?
Our parents' bodies are barely cold,
and you, Jiang Shu, want to cremate them?
In Yong City, since ancient times,
we believe in burying the dead!
How can you just cremate them?
In your dreams!
Everyone, please listen to me first.
I heard the epidemic in Yong City
is severe now.
Your parents
died because they were infected.
If they are not cremated on the spot,
I'm afraid the whole Ling'an City
will be in danger.
No, no, no.
Absolutely not.
Then I
will go work on
a prescription for the epidemic
in Yong City.
You may leave.
I will take my leave.
Greetings, Your Excellency.
Lord Lu came to complain to me,
saying he didn't see you
all day yesterday.
He wants me to punish you.
Are you willing to accept the punishment?
I am.
Good.
Then I'll punish you...
by making you talk to me.
It feels like
we haven't talked in a long time.
Do you have nothing
you want to say to me?
I...
It's not that I don't want to.
I just can't.
Alright.
Then tell me,
what have you been busy with lately?
We've been investigating
the Services Bureau.
I know.
The Services Bureau reported yesterday,
requesting a hearing tomorrow
to confront you.
If it's proven
that you made a false accusation,
you could be convicted.
The hearing is tomorrow?
The day before yesterday,
we went to the Services Bureau
to sort out documents
and found discrepancies in the accounts.
We investigated all day yesterday,
but found no problems.
If...
we still can't find any evidence tomorrow,
then...
Where did you go to investigate?
Juyun Pavilion.
You investigated Lou Qiyan?
However...
we found nothing.
Looks like you have to keep investigating.
Your Excellency,
don't you want to ask
why I investigated him?
Of course it's because
there's something wrong with him.
It's not him.
It's the Services Bureau.
But...
even though we know there's something
wrong with the Services Bureau,
we still couldn't find anything.
Have you forgotten
who you are?
Right.
You are right, Your Excellency.
I am just a probationary civil official.
I have no right
to investigate the Services Bureau.
That's not what I meant.
I mean,
before you married into the manor,
you were very well-informed.
If investigating as an official
yields nothing,
why not try another identity?
You might get unexpected results.
Right.
Why didn't I think of that?
Thank you for the reminder,
Your Excellency.
Alright.
Don't be so polite with me.
Right.
I have something for you.
What is it?
This.
What is this?
I carved this
myself.
No.
I picked it up on the street.
On the street?
That's not right either.
I just want to give it to you.
There's no reason. Just take it.
Say no more.
Go back to your work.
Alright.
Well...
yes, Your Excellency.
Remember to wear it!
Lord Cai!
Our parents died of the plague!
Yet you haven't given us an explanation!
Give us an explanation!
How will you handle this?
How?
Alright! Alright!
Stop shouting, will you?
You're deafening me!
As the saying goes,
every wrong has its cause,
and every debt its debtor.
If you want revenge,
figure out who to target first.
We brothers have been here for days.
They say ever since
the Nine Cities made history
by appointing a little girl
as an official,
the world hasn't been peaceful!
How could it be peaceful?
There's a plague now!
It must be that female official
who angered the Spirit Immortal,
bringing disaster to Yong City.
Exactly! Is that right?
So you mean
there's a problem with Fan Yun?
So the little girl is called Fan Yun?
-Did I say that?
-Fan Yun?
That little girl is called Fan Yun?
Come on, Lord Cai.
You can trust the four of us brothers.
Just tell us clearly what's going on.
Exactly.
Tell us clearly.
I understand how you feel.
The most important thing right now
is to have the Governor send someone
to Yong City to control the epidemic.
That is the most urgent matter at hand.
Lord Cai.
Who do you think the Governor
will send to Yong City?
It doesn't matter who he sends.
What matters is whether
you can keep this person.
What do you mean by that?
Think about it.
The person the Governor is going to send
will eventually return, won't they?
But if
you take one of your own people back
and let him stay in Yong City in the end,
wouldn't that
solve the problem once and for all?
Where can we find one of our own?
One of our own?
Wait.
Where can we find one of our own?
If we could find one of our own
to stay in Yong City,
that would be best.
The problem is where to find this leader.
Yeah, where can we find this leader?
I actually have
an ideal candidate in mind.
I just don't know
if you four
will agree to it.
Tell us.
Tian Xing, the top candidate
in the selection exam.
Isn't he from Yong City?
-He's from Yong City?
-Tian Xing?
[Ume Tea Shop]
Tomorrow is the hearing.
We've had enough tea.
Let's hurry up and keep investigating
the Services Bureau.
We are
investigating right now.
And this place
is the best spot
to get information.
Look.
If
the Services Bureau
really embezzled money,
it must not be a small amount.
If he hid the money
at home,
it would be easily found,
and he wouldn't be able to deny it.
Right.
So I guess
he must have hidden it in a secret place.
Then let's not waste time.
Let's hurry up and find it.
No rush.
Let me ask you.
If
you embezzled a large sum of money,
and you couldn't
move it out of the city any time soon,
where would you hide it?
A place with as few people as possible,
of course.
I was born and raised
in this Ling'an City.
I am
quite familiar with it here.
The eastern suburb is bustling.
The western suburb
has many government offices.
The northern suburb
is heavily guarded by troops.
Only the southern suburb is deserted.
Then why
don't we hurry up and go there?
No.
We can't search house by house.
If we alert them
and they change locations,
it'll be hard for us to find them.
Like a faint trail in the grass,
there are always clues to follow.
There are quite a lot of people today.
Everyone is on time.
Alright then.
In this city,
he is the most
well-informed person.
Let me tell you...
Sir!
Do you have any
stories we haven't heard?
Like...
any stories about the southern suburb?
You want to hear a story
about the southern suburb?
Alright!
In that case,
today,
I will tell you
a strange tale
from the southern suburb.
To the south of Ling'an City,
there is an isolated house.
It has been uninhabited for years
and abandoned long ago.
Recently, this abandoned house
has suddenly been said to be haunted.
It's okay.
Don't be afraid.
It was a cat.
Tian Xing.
Are...
you...
scared?
I... I am.
It's okay.
I'm scared too.
Well...
maybe...
we...
should...
just go inside?
Okay.
I'll protect you.
Walk behind me.
Watch out.
Fan Yun,
are you done?
Just a moment.
Are you done?
Yes.
Let's go.
Be careful.
Go in.
Hold this.
Let's go, Tian Xing.
Let's go.
Watch your step.
Be careful.
Tian Xing,
did you just see
something fly by?
I...
didn't.
Let's go.
Fan Yun!
Let's go!
Wait, Tian Xing.
Wait.
I dropped my hairpin.
Let's go! Hurry!
Tian Xing,
listen to me.
Even if there are ghosts,
we've already been scared.
It'd be a waste to leave now.
It's so spooky.
Yeah.
Tian Xing,
let's look around first.
Okay.
Are you alright?
I...
I'm fine.
Why is it so dark in here?
Tian Xing,
let's go inside and take a look.
Tian...
Tian Xing?
Tian Xing!
Who is it?
Who's there?
Don't come any closer!
Let...
Let go!
I'll kill you! I'll kill you!
I'll kill you!
Help!
-There's a ghost!
-A ghost!
Fan Yun...
Don't be afraid.
It's me.
Tian Xing?
Why...
Why are you dressed like this?
To fight fire with fire.
They were the ones dressing up as ghosts,
but ended up running away themselves.
Hilarious.
Dressing up...
as ghosts?
So you're actually the one who's young
and brave.
I'm flattered.
However...
according to what you said,
these people
went to great lengths
to dress up as ghosts
just to keep others away from here.
In that case,
there must be something wrong
with this place.
Then we...
shouldn't delay.
Let's go.
Tian Xing.
I found nothing here.
What about you?
Nothing.
Now there's only this coffin
we haven't checked.
How come there's nothing?
Right.
Then why did they dress up as ghosts
and not let people in?
This house looks dilapidated.
But this coffin is quite new,
and it's made
of fine wood.
It's possible that
there are some places
we haven't checked yet.
Tian Xing,
look.
There are marks
of long-term pushing and pulling here.
There are some over here too.
Let's move it.
So much money?
Isn't this my congratulatory gold
for the selection exam?
The money embezzled by the Services Bureau
is indeed hidden here.
Tian Xing,
let's return to the manor immediately
and report it to the Governor.
Fan Yun.
Why are you walking so fast?
Hurry up.
We just found evidence
of the Services Bureau's corruption,
and I feel uneasy about it.
We'd better head back quickly.
Sir...
We won't move.
Your Excellency.
How is it?
It seems there's only one person inside.
Okay.
Why are you two going in?
Guard the door for me.
Fan...
I'm Bo Qin. Greetings, Your Excellency.
Oh, it's you.
Why are you here?
Lord Lu asked me
to organize the documents here.
Have you seen Fan Yun and Tian Xing?
No, I haven't.
Alright.
Get back to your work.
Yes.
It's this late, and Fan Yun isn't back.
I'm worried.
What should we do?
How about
we go look for her?
Okay.
Let's split up.
Let's go.
The plates are positioned right.
The fertility blessings
are also placed correctly.
But how many incense sticks
should we burn?
Shouldn't it be 3?
Right, so why did you place
a whole handful?
What are you groaning about?
Sir,
I don't mean anything else.
I just...
Seeing the decorations today,
it must be a wedding day.
In that case,
having a blade at my neck
isn't very auspicious, right?
I think it's better now.
It's festive.
Let me go!
Where is this?
Tian Xing?
Why are we here?
I am an official of Nine Cities.
Do you know you are committing a crime?
Brother-in-law,
your clothes are the perfect shade of red.
Today is an auspicious day!
Can someone explain this to me?
What's happening?
You,
explain it to him.
Me?
I'll explain.
I'll explain it to him.
Looking at this scene, the decorations,
and your red outfit,
Tian Xing,
today...
might be your wedding day.
Brother-in-law!
Everything here is set up perfectly.
After the wedding ceremony,
you'll have to call us
your brothers-in-law.
Brothers-in-law?
What's happening?
Sir, let him go first.
We can talk this over.
Let's talk this over.
Excuse me, sir,
how should I address you?
Don't ask how to address me.
You should ask how to address us.
We are
the famous brothers in Yong City—
Wei!
Meng!
Gang!
Yi!
Wei, Meng, Gang, and Yi?
Well, sirs,
I have a question for you.
People say
marriage requires a matchmaker's word.
So is there a matchmaker?
And where is the marriage certificate?
We don't have a matchmaker's word,
nor a matchmaker, nor a certificate.
You have nothing?
But there should be a bride, right?
Where is the bride?
Without a bride, how can we
proceed with the wedding ceremony?
Right, right.
How can I get married without a bride?
Brother-in-law.
Just you wait.
We brothers are mighty, strong,
handsome, and extremely smart.
And our sister is extremely beautiful.
In all of Yong City,
she is among the most beautiful.
Look how beautiful these eyes are.
Aren't they?
You... you called this beautiful?
No! No!
Yong City is known for its beauties.
Thank you, sirs,
for appreciating Tian Xing.
He knows how lucky he is.
How about this, sirs?
Let these two guys
put down their blades first.
And I'll go talk to Tian Xing.
He listens to me. I'll persuade him.
There's no need. After the wedding today,
he'll be the son-in-law of Yong City.
Tomorrow,
he'll return to Yong City with us.
Return to Yong City?
But Tian Xing
is a newly appointed academician.
How can he leave Ling'an so casually?
His Excellency said he can. What's wrong?
His Excellency?
Who are you talking about?
Say no more.
Brother-in-law,
just follow the arrangement
of your brothers-in-law.
How can we treat marriage so casually?
Why would I go to Yong City with you?
A transfer
requires the Governor's approval.
Yes.
Marriage
cannot be treated as a joke.
How about this?
Let's take our time to plan it.
Let me go fir—
Why are you nagging so much?
So annoying.
The auspicious time has come.
Let's proceed with the wedding!
Come on, come on.
Let's do it.
No!
Shouting is useless.
Come on.
First bow to Heaven and Earth!
No! No!
Second bow to the parents!
Husband and wife, bow to each other!
No! No! No!
Perform the cross-cupped wine ceremony!
Brother-in-law,
hurry up and drink the wedding wine.
Brothers!
Help our brother-in-law drink the wine!
I won't drink it! I won't drink it!
Once you drink the wine,
the ceremony is complete.
-Tie up his hands!
-No!
Fan Yun, what should we do?
This little girl is Fan Yun?
You...
I am Tian Yue.
I...
So you are Fan Yun?
Then don't blame us for being impolite.
No killing! No killing!
It's unlucky!
It's precisely because it's an
auspicious day that we should...
Killing draws blood!
It's very troublesome to clean up!
That's right. Shi Meng is right.
Get out of here!
The moon waxes and wanes!
Tian Yue, drink the wine now!
Brother!
Put it down!
Tian Yue!
As the top candidate
in the selection exam,
why would I be friends with you?
Brother-in-law, what's wrong with you?
Don't let them escape!
Let's go!
Boss.
Today, the gates of Ling'an City
were suddenly closed,
leaving only the south gate open.
This has made it difficult
for our Juyun Pavilion's goods
to come in and go out.
I'm afraid
they will be delayed for a while.
So...
Got it.
So I went to ask around.
Actually...
What's there to ask about?
The city gates were built
to be opened and closed anyway.
Can't you see I'm checking the accounts?
I need some quiet.
If there's nothing else, you may leave.
Wait.
It's said that some nobles from Yong City
kidnapped someone.
They can kidnap whoever they want.
Why do you have so much nonsense
to say today?
They kidnapped Fan Yun.
That is all for my report.
I will take my leave now.
Excuse me! Excuse me!
Tian Xing!
Tian Yue!
Are you Tian Xing or Tian Yue right now?
I am Tian Xing.
There are too many of them!
Oh no!
Hurry! Hurry! Hurry!
Here! Here! Here!
Let's go!
This way!
Make way! Make way! Over here!
Hurry, hurry! Over here!
Where are you running to?
You little girl,
you can really run.
Lou Qiyan?
Today is a good day,
because it's the day you die.
Just you guys?
Look how arrogant you are!
It's too dangerous here!
We need to find another place to live!
I heard there is a man
named Wei Rong in Gao City
who is skilled
in both literature and martial arts
and plays the flute very well.
I heard that man
dresses with great taste,
much better than that Tian Xing.
No.
I want to be his brother-in-law!
Right!
-Me too!
He has great taste!
I never thought
that on my first trip to Ling'an City,
I'd be captured in broad daylight
by the Shadow Slay League!
Public security in Ling'an is terrible.
I want to go home.
The horses are ready.
Go now.
Okay.
Tian Xing, let's go.